well echo fox is number one it is
Adrienne's birthday and I'm joined right
now by his mother and father Susie and
Jung to talk a little bit about this
with coverage presented by Omni / Suzy
tell me a little bit about coming and
watching your son play have you seen him
compete before yes we came two years ago
when he's with Amato okay and what was
it like watching him play this weekend
it's the same we watched from home -
even though we don't play the game and
young he is now first off it's his
birthday but what was it like for you
because now they are number one and the
NA LCS how happy are you very happy very
happy we're proud of you yeah very good
so what what was it like when you first
when Adrian first came to you and said I
want to play video games professionally
were you guys like oh that sounds great
/ you know so what maybe you can tell me
the story of of how he decided to do
this and your guys's conversation with
him actually he graduated school a year
early yeah and he didn't pick out his
way he's going so Robert Morris have a
scholarship out there to recruit kid for
LCL I mean
League of Legend it just because they
gave him 50% and then why he's there he
only stay for 42 days and then he went
pro ok and what was that conversation
like when he told you I'm dropping out
of school to go pro actually that's not
a it's it's very hard because we asked
him just wait four more years yes and he
say either way if he doesn't you know
like school he's gonna do bad anyway
he's gonna you know not he's gonna fell
so you are you okay now with it after
sort of seeing everything that he's done
and him competing on stage absolutely
yeah I'm okay with that
and what do you think of echo fox now
that he's on echo fox and there's Rick
Fox and Jared Jeffries all these guys
what is it like for you to see him
compete on echo fox
oh yeah well and he have a lot of staff
there supporting them every weekend I
noticed that the whole staff is out here
yeah it is yeah although there's so many
people here and again it's his birthday
so do you guys get to have dinner with
them are you taking him out is he gonna
go party with his friend teammate
we're not sure yet he he say he's gonna
go with the flow
okay so still figuring out he said he
was sick though yeah very good well is
there anything maybe you guys can tell
me is there a funny story about Adrian
anything you guys want people to know
about Adrian anything you would say to
the fans about who are fans of Adrian
lei like his play anything they should
know I don't know maybe in the future
you will find out all right well
anything how about this anything you
want to say to his fans any if his fans
are watching right now anything you want
to say to any of them thank you for
supporting echo Fox and Travis thank you
both for the interviews thank you so
much and congratulations your son is now
on the best team in the na LCS so happy
birthdays also thank you both yeah thank
you
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I wanna say thank you so much for the
support and watching my content if you
want to you can subscribe and you'll see
more omni slash sponsored brought to you
by content right here on my channel